com/google/zxing/integration/android/IntentIntegrator.java
 com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentIntegrator
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/BarcodeResult.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeResult
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/camera/CameraThread.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraThread
com/google/zxing/client/android/BuildConfig.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.BuildConfig
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/InvertedDecoder.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.InvertedDecoder
com/google/zxing/client/android/camera/open/OpenCameraInterface.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.open.OpenCameraInterface
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/camera/DisplayConfiguration.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.DisplayConfiguration
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/camera/FitCenterStrategy.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.FitCenterStrategy
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/camera/FitXYStrategy.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.FitXYStrategy
com/google/zxing/client/android/AmbientLightManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.AmbientLightManager
com/google/zxing/client/android/DecodeFormatManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.DecodeFormatManager
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/camera/CenterCropStrategy.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CenterCropStrategy
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/BarcodeCallback.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeCallback
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/RotationListener.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RotationListener
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RotationListener$1
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/DecoratedBarcodeView.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoratedBarcodeView
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoratedBarcodeView$TorchListener
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoratedBarcodeView$WrappedCallback
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/SourceData.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.SourceData
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/MixedDecoder.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.MixedDecoder
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/CameraPreview.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$1
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$2
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$3
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$4
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$5
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$StateListener
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/camera/CameraInstance.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance$1
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance$2
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance$3
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance$4
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/camera/CameraConfigurationUtils.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraConfigurationUtils
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/RawImageData.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RawImageData
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/BarcodeView.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeView
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeView$1
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeView$DecodeMode
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/CompoundBarcodeView.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CompoundBarcodeView
com/google/zxing/client/android/Intents.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents
 com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents$Scan
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/Decoder.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Decoder
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/Util.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Util
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/Size.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Size
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/CaptureManager.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager$1
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager$2
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/ViewfinderView.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.ViewfinderView
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.ViewfinderView$1
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/camera/LegacyPreviewScalingStrategy.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.LegacyPreviewScalingStrategy
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.LegacyPreviewScalingStrategy$1
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/camera/AutoFocusManager.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager$1
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager$2
com/google/zxing/client/android/DecodeHintManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.DecodeHintManager
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/DefaultDecoderFactory.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DefaultDecoderFactory
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/camera/CameraManager.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraManager
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraManager$CameraPreviewCallback
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/camera/CameraSurface.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraSurface
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/camera/CameraParametersCallback.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraParametersCallback
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/DecoderFactory.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderFactory
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/camera/CameraSettings.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraSettings
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraSettings$FocusMode
com/google/zxing/integration/android/IntentResult.java
 com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentResult
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/CaptureActivity.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureActivity
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/DecoderResultPointCallback.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderResultPointCallback
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/BarcodeEncoder.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeEncoder
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/DecoderThread.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderThread
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderThread$1
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderThread$2
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/RotationCallback.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RotationCallback
com/google/zxing/client/android/BeepManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.BeepManager
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/camera/PreviewScalingStrategy.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.PreviewScalingStrategy
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.PreviewScalingStrategy$1
com/journeyapps/barcodescanner/camera/PreviewCallback.java
 com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.PreviewCallback
com/google/zxing/client/android/InactivityTimer.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer
 com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer$1
 com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer$PowerStatusReceiver
